PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!---
What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply:
-->

- [ ] Bug fix <!-- (change which fixes an issue) -->
- [ ] New feature <!-- (change which adds functionality) -->
- [ ] Chore <!-- (change which doesn't affect the usage of the package (such as documentation, build process, or project setup changes)) -->
- [ ] Breaking change <!-- (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change) -->
- [ ] There is an open issue which this change addresses
- [ ] I have read the **[CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md)** document.
- [ ] My commits follow the [Git Commit Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#commits)
- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation.
- - [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes.
- [ ] All new and existing tests passed.

<!-- Put any other information you believe would be useful to know when reviewing this PR below -->

<!---
If there is an issue this PR addresses, please make sure it is in the commit message per the Git Commit Guidelines above
**AND** put the issue number below, indicating that it closes or fixes the issue.
-->

Commit message:

chore: Updated pull request template to mention Typescript (#2018)
* Updated pull request template to mention Typescript, eslint

* Reverted adding linting to pull request checklist

Co-authored-by: Kyle Tsang <6854874+kyletsang@users.noreply.github.com>

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!---
What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply:
-->

- [ ] Bug fix <!-- (change which fixes an issue) -->
- [ ] New feature <!-- (change which adds functionality) -->
- [ ] Chore <!-- (change which doesn't affect the usage of the package (such as documentation, build process, or project setup changes)) -->
- [ ] Breaking change <!-- (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to change) -->
- [ ] There is an open issue which this change addresses
- [ ] I have read the **[CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md)** document.
- [ ] My commits follow the [Git Commit Guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#commits)
- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation.
  - [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
- [ ] My change requires a change to [Typescript typings](./types/lib).
  - [ ] I have updated the typings accordingly.
- [ ] I have added tests to cover my changes.
- [ ] All new and existing tests passed.

<!-- Put any other information you believe would be useful to know when reviewing this PR below -->

<!---
If there is an issue this PR addresses, please make sure it is in the commit message per the Git Commit Guidelines above
**AND** put the issue number below, indicating that it closes or fixes the issue.
-->
